---
title: Tool up!
date: 2016-01-05
author: James Wade
layout: post
permalink: /2016/01/05/tool-up/
publicize_twitter_user:
  - potterieshacks
image: http://i.imgur.com/ZusCq2x.jpg
categories:
  - Announcements
tags:
  - equipment
  - tools
  - wishlist
---

Hope you've all had a nice break over the festive period and are looking forward to the New Year ahead.

As you may know, we've moved the Hackspace to the city centre.

We're now at:

[50 Broad St, Hanley, Stoke on Trent, ST1 4EU](https://map.what3words.com/tribe.rested.stones)

We've been here for a few months now and are pretty settled in now and we're raring to go.

That's the good news.

The bad news is, while we were were moving space, our equipment was in storage at a shared facility.

Much to our dismay, it seems that during this time, many of our tools and much of our equipment have unfortunately gone walkies.

In hindsight we should have been a bit less trusting and a bit more cautious.

So we now find ourselves in a new space with very few tools.

We are a not for profit volunteer organisation and community workshop in the heart of North Staffordshire, currently operating out of Hanley, Stoke-on-Trent.

**We need your help**

We are looking for people who would be interested to provide what they can for the greater good of the community.

Our space provides access for people to use tools, learn new skills and share their interests.

**Equipment**

* 3D Printer
* Laser Cutter
* CNC Milling Machine
* Vacuum Former
* Woodworking Lathe
* Metalworking Lathe
* Soldering Stations
* Pillar Drill
* Oscilloscope
* Multimeters
* Bench Power Supply
* Bandsaw
* Scroll saw
* Chopsaw
* Belt/Disc Sander
* Hand drills

**Tools**

* Screwdrivers
* Screwdriver Bits
* Clippers
* Tweezers
* Goggles
* Gloves
* Craft Knives
* Antistatic
* Soldering Iron Holder
* Lighting
* Files
* Drill bits
* Tarpaulin
* Storage Boxes

**Consumables**

* Solder 
* Desoldering braid
* Flux Paste/liquid
* Tape
* Isoproponol Alcohol
* Soldering Sponges
* Wirewool Solder cleaner
* Tip Cleaner
* Glue
* Paper
* Pens
* Screws/Rawlplugs/Nails

**Can you help?**

If you have or can acquire any of this stuff or know someone who can, please get in touch.

By sharing what you have, it will open up access to other tools you may need for your projects all under one roof.

Potteries Hackspace is a hackspace is a place for people with common interests, often in computers, technology, science or art, can meet, socialise and/or collaborate.

Our aim is to provide and maintain a shared community workspace and equipment, to further our skills and share experience with the community around Stoke-on-Trent and the wider Potteries area.

The best way to get involved is to become part of our community online and join the discussions on our mailing list. We’d love to get to know you, so the easiest way to get started is by introducing yourself to us on the [Potteries Hackspace groups mailing list](http://groups.google.com/group/potteries-hackspace).